{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12440\viewh19320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
# Prework - *CodePath iOS101: Intro to iOS Development*\
\
Submitted by: Antwon Walls\
\
iOS Prework is an app that was made through Swift to introduce me to the key components of CodePath\'92s course and iOS Development. It has helped me become familiar with Xcode IDE and build my first app. Learning Swift is essential to iOS development.\
\
Time spent: 2 hours spent in total\
\
## Required Features\
\
The following changeColor() functionality is completed:\
\
- [ ] Users see a screen with three labels and a button\
- [ ] Tapping the button changes the screen color to a random color\
 \
## Video Walkthrough\
\
Here is a reminder on how to embed Loom videos on GitHub. Feel free to remove this reminder once you upload your README. \
\
[Guide]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GA92eKlYio4) .\
\
## App Brainstorming (Step 4)\
- Improve the UI by using different fonts/colors/background\
- Feel free to play around with other elements, such as image views, textfields, etc.\
- Implement a way to change the color of the text as well\
## Notes\
\
Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.\
- Navigating through Xcode\'92s complex UI and finding where everything else. It\'92s not user friendly.\
\
## App Brainstorming\
**My favorite applications are Instagram, Twitter, and Safari\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Instagram
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
- The ability to connect with people from all over the world profit from your connections!\
- How user friendly their app is. Their minimalist design and consistent color palette makes users focus on images and videos\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Twitter\

\f0\b0 \ulnone - The attractive fonts they use. Whatever content it is, only texts are displayed\
- The quick and frequent \'93hits\'94 of new information from things the user is interested in \
\

\f1\b \ul Safari\

\f0\b0 \ulnone - It is the best lightweight browser. It has the most appealing UI of any desktop or mobile browser. It seamlessly works with Apple devices\
- The built-in security and privacy features go above what any other browser can offer (e.g. the Intelligent Tracking Prevention that identifies and blocks cross-site trackers)\
\

\f1\b \ul An App I Would Like to Build\

\f0\b0 \ulnone I would like to build an educational app for STEM students that shows how things work, liker memory, pointers, microprocessors, input streams, etc. with labels and explanations\ul .\ulnone \
- \
## License\
\
    Copyright [2024] [Antwon Walls]\
\
    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\
    You may obtain a copy of the License at\
\
        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\
\
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\
    limitations under the License.\
}